Translation corrections + Tatarigoroshi fixes (#202)
07th-mod/higurashi-console-arcs: Update/tsuk_007.txt

//rお袋の言葉が俺を励ますように蘇る。
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	OutputLine(NULL, "お袋の言葉が俺を励ますように蘇る。",
			NULL, "Mom's words replayed as if they were encouraging me.", Line_Normal);
	ClearMessage();

//rそして、最後にせめて人としての営為をしておきたいという心残りが脳裏を過ぎり、俺は箸を割った。
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	OutputLine(NULL, "そして、最後にせめて人としての営為をしておきたいという心残りが脳裏を過ぎり、俺は箸を割った。",

> 			NULL, "So I snapped my chopsticks, wanting to hold on to whatever vestiges of humanity I had left before they completely faded.", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "So I snapped my chopsticks apart, wanting to hold on to whatever vestiges of humanity I had left before they completely faded.", Line_Normal);
```

	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLine("<color=#f0953d>レナ</color>", NULL, "<color=#f0953d>Rena</color>", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 2, "ps3/s18/02/160200309", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "「中身はツナだよ」",

> 			NULL, "\"It's got tuna in it.\"", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "\"There's tuna inside.\"", Line_Normal);
```

//r警察と聞き、鉄平が狼狽えたように畏まった声を出す。器の小ささを如実に表しているようで、小気味がいい。
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	OutputLine(NULL, "警察と聞き、鉄平が狼狽えたように畏まった声を出す。器の小ささを如実に表しているようで、小気味がいい。",

> 			NULL, "I could hear Teppei grow flustered and humbled when he heard it was the police. As he was intolent in person, it felt good.", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "I could hear Teppei grow flustered and humbled when he heard it was the police. Hearing him that insignificant in person, it felt good.", Line_Normal);
```
